Mention a fallback for `chruby` users if project doesn't have `.ruby-version` (#701)
Shopify/vscode-ruby-lsp: VERSION_MANAGERS.md

> ## Chruby

Reviewer: NIT: let's keep custom activation on top.

Author: IMO notes about officially supported managers should appear before custom activations. It also matches how we phrase it in the readme: 

> For manager-specific notes and how to set up custom activation for managers that are not listed above

If you use `chruby` but don't have `.ruby-version` in a project, you can add `.ruby-version` to its parent folder as a fallback.

For example, if `/projects/my_project` doesn't have `.ruby-version`, `chruby` would read `/projects/.ruby-version` instead.

## Custom activation

> If you're using a different version manager that's not supported by us or if you're manually inserting the Ruby

Author: I think `this extension` is more precise as Ruby LSP itself doesn't interface with the managers?

```suggestion
If you're using a different version manager that's not supported by this extension or if you're manually inserting the Ruby
```

executable into the PATH, you will probably need to define custom activation so that the extension can find the correct
Ruby.

For these cases, set `rubyLsp.rubyVersionManager` to `"custom"` and then set `rubyLsp.customRubyCommand` to a shell
command that will activate the right Ruby version or simply add the Ruby bin folder to the PATH. Some examples:

```jsonc
{
  // Don't forget to set the manager to custom when using this option
  "rubyLsp.rubyVersionManager": "custom",

  // Using a different version manager than the ones included by default
  "rubyLsp.customRubyCommand": "my_custom_version_manager activate",

  // Adding a custom Ruby bin folder to the PATH
  "rubyLsp.customRubyCommand": "PATH=/path/to/ruby/bin:$PATH"
}
```

> ### rtx

Author: I thought it's a subtopic of `Custom activation`?

> ### rtx

Reviewer: Fair.
